=head1 NAME

Test::MySQL::CreateDatabase - Prepare MySQL database for testing

=head1 SYNOPSIS

  use Test::MySQL::CreateDatabase qw(test_dsn);
  my $dsn = test_dsn 'hoge';
  
  copy_schema_from_test_db $orig_dsn, $orig_user, $orig_pass => $dbh;
  copy_schema_from_file $schema_f => $dbh;
  execute_inserts_from_file $insert_f => $dbh;
  
  my $dbh = DBI->connect($dsn, undef, undef, {RaiseError => 1});
  ...

=head1 DESCRIPTION

The C<Test::MySQL::CreateDatabase> module provides some utility
functions for building an ad hoc database using L<Test::mysqld> and
database schema files.

=head1 FUNCTIONS

The module exports no method by default.  You can export the following
functions by specifying the function names:

=over 4

=item $dsn = test_dsn $db_name

Creates a database whose name contains I<$db_name> as substring and
the current database set number.  The function returns a "dsn" string
which can be used to access to the database via the standard L<DBI>
interface.

=item reset_db_set

Change the current database set number.  The current database set
number is used to generate database name in the C<test_dsn> function.
This function might be useful to generate multiple sets of databases
to test multiple cases in a test script.

=item $dbh = dsn2dbh $dsn

Just a syntax sugar to connect to the specified dsn using L<DBI>.

=item copy_schema_from_test_db $orig_dsn, $orig_username, $orig_password => $dbh

Copy table schemas from the specified database.  The first three
arguments, I<$orig_dsn>, I<$orig_username>, and I<$orig_password> is
used to connect the original database.  The fourth argument must be
the DBI's "dbh" object to which the schema are copied.  No rows in the
tables are copied by this function.

=item copy_schema_from_file $f => $dbh

Copy table schemas from the file, which contains a sequence of SQL
statements.  The first argument must be a L<Path::Class> object for
the schema file.  The second argument must be the DBI's "dbh" object
to which the schema are copied.

=item execute_inserts_from_file $f => $dbh

Execute SQL C<INSERT> statements from the file, which contains a
sequence of SQL statements.  The first argument must be a
L<Path::Class> object for the SQL file.  The second argument must be
the DBI's "dbh" object with which the statements are executed.

=back

The C<@Test::MySQL::CreateDatabase::MY_CNF_ARGS> global variable can
be used to specify additional arguments to C<my_cnf> option of the
L<Test::mysqld> (i.e. configurations specified in C<my.cnf>).  Note
that this must be specified before the C<mysqld> is invoked.

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<Test::mysqld>.

dsns.json <https://github.com/wakaba/perl-rdb-utils/wiki/dsns.json>.

=head1 AVAILABILITY

The latest version of the module is available from
<https://github.com/wakaba/perl-rdb-utils>.

=head1 HISTORY

=over 4

=item 1.0 (2011-11-23)

First released version.

=back

=head1 ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS

This module is originally created as part of Hatena Star 2010 project
and then maintained as part of the Test-Hatena project.

=head1 AUTHOR

Wakaba <wakaba@suikawiki.org>.

=head1 LICENSE

Copyright 2010-2011 Hatena <http://www.hatena.ne.jp/>.

Copyright 2014 Wakaba <wakaba@suikawiki.org>.

This library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the same terms as Perl itself.

=cut
