=head1 NAME

DBIx::ShowSQL - Show DBI connecting and SQL executions for debugging

=head1 SYNOPSIS

  use DBIx::ShowSQL;
  use DBI;
  my $dbh = DBI->connect (...);  # 0.10 ms | dsn:...
  my $sth = $dbh->prepare (...);
  $sth->execute (...);           # 3.00 ms | SELECT ...

=head1 DESCRIPTION

Using the C<DBIx::ShowSQL>, which hooks some L<DBI> methods, any
successful attempts to connect databases, to execute SQL statements,
to start or end transactions via L<DBI> would be reported to the
standard error output with their elapsed times.

=head1 USAGE

You just need to use the C<DBIx::ShowSQL> module to enable the
function.  In addition, following package variables are available to
control its behaviors:

=over 4

=item $DBIx::ShowSQL::WARN (boolean)

If true, executed statements and elapsed times are output to the
standard error output.  Default is true.

=item $DBIx::ShowSQL::COUNT (boolean)

If true, the number of the executed SQL statements are recorded.  The
current number of the statements is accessible as
C<$DBIx::ShowSQL::SQLCount> (default = C<0>).  Default is true.

=back

=head1 AVAILABILITY

The latest version of the module is available from:
<https://github.com/wakaba/perl-rdb-utils>.

An outdated snapshot copy of the module might be available from
<http://wakaba.github.com/packages/#perl-dbix-showsql>.

=head1 ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS

This module is inspired by L<DBIx::MoCo>'s debugging functions and
L<Devel::KYTProf>.

=head1 HISTORY

=over 4

=item 1.0 (2011-11-23)

First version.

=back

=head1 AUTHOR

Wakaba <w@suika.fam.cx>.

=head1 LICENSE

Public Domain.

=cut
